Xiaorong, what are you doing?
Brother, as long as you help me replace Guiying's identity
Qi Niang who became a wife
From now on, the money of their Zhang family will be ours
Why didn't I think of such a good idea?
The daughter's golden lock is mine
I am your mother
How come?
Daughter Golden Lock I have been staying for 20 years
It was their husband and wife who colluded and stole my golden lock
Let's separate our flesh and blood
Can't be reunited
What nonsense are you talking about?
Say who the golden lock belongs to
Right
This golden lock will drive you out of the village if you don't tell the truth
Madam, the gold lock is indeed his
Madam, I'm here to pay off my debt
Just sold his gold lock
I didn't know it was you
A token of recognition
It's all your fault for being obsessed with money
Just let Huiyou pretend to be your mother
That's wrong enough.
You said the golden lock is yours.
What evidence is there?
Fortunately, I had carefully thundered the gold lock before
I carved your name on the inside of a gold lock 20 years ago
Only my mother and I know about this
Is he my biological mother?
Daughter, I finally found you.
What hero is Mengjie?